Serve Tensorflow Tutorial (#8134)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/rayserve/tensorflow-tutorial.rst

Keras and Tensorflow Tutorial
=============================

In this guide, we will train and deploy a simple Tensorflow neural net.
In particular, we show:

- How to load the model from file system in your RayServe definition
- How to parse the JSON request and evaluated in Tensorflow

Please see the :ref:`overview <rayserve-overview>` to learn more general information about RayServe.

RayServe supports arbitrary frameworks. However, for this tutorial, we use
Tensorflow 2 and Keras. Please make sure you have Tensorflow 2 installed.

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install -U tensorflow

Let's import RayServe and some other helpers.

.. literalinclude:: ../../../python/ray/serve/examples/doc/tutorial_tensorflow.py
    :start-after: __doc_import_begin__
    :end-before: __doc_import_end__

We will train a simple MNIST model using Keras.

.. literalinclude:: ../../../python/ray/serve/examples/doc/tutorial_tensorflow.py
    :start-after: __doc_train_model_begin__
    :end-before: __doc_train_model_end__

> Services are just defined as normal classes with ``__init__`` and ``__call__``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Services are just defined as normal classes with ``__init__`` and ``__call__`` methods.
```

Keras and Tensorflow Tutorial
=============================

In this guide, we will train and deploy a simple Tensorflow neural net.
In particular, we show:

- How to load the model from file system in your RayServe definition
- How to parse the JSON request and evaluated in Tensorflow

Please see the :ref:`overview <rayserve-overview>` to learn more general information about RayServe.

> RayServe supports arbitrary frameworks. However, for this tutorial, we use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RayServe makes it easy to deploy models from all popular frameworks. However, for this tutorial, we use
```

Reviewer 2: +1, this is always a great idea because it allows people to learn more. @richardliaw and I did a bunch of this for Tune in his last PR: https://github.com/ray-project/ray/pull/8201

Linking is easy to do and provides a great way for other people to "self-discover" what they want to use.

> Tensorflow 2 and Keras. Please make sure you have Tensorflow 2 installed.

Reviewer: Any version requirement?
